Notes for void methods:
Using methods from other classes is called invoking.
Cannot find symbol is a common error when invoking methods (say from math).
The error will something like "class test", which means it cannot find the method in the current class.
This is because it is looking for the method in the current class, not the math class.

We can also create new methods that don't use main.
This is kind of like making a helper function in python, since it creates a new method that does the work of other predefined methods.
The flow of execution is not top to bottom; instead, it starts with the first statement of main.
Whenever a method is executed, it goes back to where that method is defined, and runs the definition of that method.
For example:

public class NewLine {
  public static void newLine() {
    System.out.println();
  }

  public static void threeLine() {
    newLine();
    newLine();
    newLine();
  }

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println("First Line.");
    threeLine();
    System.out.println("Second Line.");
  }
}

In this code, the flow of execution does not go from top to bottom.
It starts when the first main method is executed, but when the method threeLine is executed, it goes back to where it is defined.
It then goes to where the method newLine is defined, then runs that definition.
(NewLine and newLine are not the same, as java is case sensitive)

Within a method, we will have to provide an argument.
When we define the method, we will have to create our own argument.
That argument needs to be of the same type, so for example, sin will need double, println will need a String.

Methods can also take multiple parameters.
When we do this, we have to define each parameter individually.
int hour, minute will not work because this format is only for variable declarations.
Instead, we will have to do int hour, int minute.

Two different methods can have parameters/variables with the same name, but are not the same because they are not in the same storage locations.
An easy way to keep track of these values is a stack diagram.

Each method will have its own bar, with the values of the parameters and variables.

Documentation is an important part of java, as the language provides a deep documentation of all the classes and methods.
Learning how to read this documentation is a good way to learn new methods.
Writing good documentation for others is also good practice.

Chapter 4 Exercises:
Exercise 1)
1) main prints out "No, I "
then goes to method zoop, which invokes baffle, then prints "You wugga ", then invokes baffle again.
When baffle is invoked, it stops the execution of that methods and takes a detour to ping, which will print "."
When all of that is executed, it goes back to main, prints out "I ", then invokes baffle again.

The output should be:
No, I wug.
You wugga wug.
I wug.

2) 

3) It will probably either loop forever, as baffle invokes ping at the end, or it will create an error.
